Port, address clarifications (#289)
open-telemetry/semantic-conventions: docs/general/attributes.md

In an ideal situation, not accounting for proxies, multiple IP addresses or host names,
the `server.*` attributes are the same on the client and server.

### Address and port attributes

> For the purpose of these semantic conventions, for all IP-based protocols the "address" should be just IP-level address,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all IP-based protocols, the "address" should be just the IP-level address.
```
I'm not sure we need the "For the purpose of these semantic conventions" part. Also since this is general/attributes.md, it might be confusing as to what "these semantic conventions" refer to.

> i.e. protocol-specific parts of an address are split into other attributes if applicable such as "port" attributes for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Protocol-specific parts of an address are split into other attributes (when applicable) such as "port" attributes for
```
I would start this in its own sentence, as all together it reads quite long.

TCP and UDP. If such transport-specific information is collected and the attribute name does not already uniquely

> identify the transport, then setting the [`network.transport`](#other-network-attributes) is especially encouraged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
identify the transport, then setting the [`network.transport`](#other-network-attributes) attribute is especially encouraged.
```

Do we want to use any normative wording here? Like :

> identify the transport, then [`network.transport`](#other-network-attributes) SHOULD be set.

Author: Let's instead use this:

```suggestion
identify the transport, then setting [`network.transport`](#other-network-attributes) is especially encouraged.
```

I think for normative wording we would really need to add it (or at least a link) to each single attribute. I don't think there is really a need to make it normative either.

Reviewer: Sounds good :)
